# FenrirRender

### Requirements  
  
 - Java 8
  
### Usage  
  
#### Start
 
Just select the folder were all the .txt generated by Analyse.py of https://github.com/FlorianBourniquel/Fenrir  are stored.
 
#### Researcher view

This view displays a configurable graph that shows the number of times that antipatterns are in the same place (Class, Method, Line).
You can click on a node to display information about this antipattern. 
If you click on two linked nodes, you will get information on where the two antipatterns meet.

#### Architect view

This view shows the health of the packages, which are represented by cities. More the city is damaged more there are antipatterns in the package.
When you click on a package you will have the same thing but for the classes of the package, which will be represented by buildings.
Finally when you click on a class you will have the details of the antipatterns present in the class.

if a city/building is on fire it means that there are a new antipattern. Likewise for the antipatterns if it is on fire it indicates that it is new.
In contrast to green crosses which indicates the disappearance of at least one plane.

You can select the project and the commit.

#### Developer view

This view shows only the health of the classes, which are represented by building. More the building is damaged more there are antipatterns in the class.
When you click on a class you will have the details of the antipatterns present in the class.

if a building is on fire it means that there are a new antipattern. Likewise for the antipatterns if it is on fire it indicates that it is new.
In contrast to green crosses which indicates the disappearance of at least one plane.

You can select the project and the commit.
